⭐⭐
40 Hours Weekly Available for work.......!!!!!!!!

Hello,You are looking for an " Chat Bot", with my knowledge & skills I can build your project more effectively & user-friendly.

I have 9 years of experience in Mobile Applications I will start my work with the designing phase and then submit it for approval once all the feedback is done then we will move to the development phase of the project.

Please come on the chat so that we can start the work immediately, i am ready to help you in any phase of the project.

"Awaiting a positive result from your side."

Warm Regards
Julian

⭐⭐
Thank you for reaching out. This work is cut out for my team and me. Based in Belgium Europe we guarantee the highest service level and quality and the most reasonable price. Our rates are fixed between a very reasonable 6-10$/h depending on the service.
We have a designer, animator and 3 specialised developers on our team. Our copywriter is native Spanish with English as a second language. and a very experienced researcher and writer. Our SEO/ASO specialist is native English.
Give us a chance to earn our next 5-star rating and initiate a chat to discuss your requirements and match them to our offer.
Thank you for your time and kinds regards,
Robby V

⭐⭐
Hi,

I understand that the business chatbot needs to be deployed on the web without requiring language localization, with responses at a basic level of complexity that can be achieved through NLP tools like NLTK, Spacy, and Gensim. The bot should be user-friendly, intuitive, reliable and incorporate your feedback throughout the development process. Furthermore, additional features may include Integration with third-party applications, Voice-enabled functionality, Multi-lingual support & Predictive analytics.

My expertise pertaining to chatbot development includes working with Python, Javascript and Node.js as well as bot development platforms like Dialogflow, IBM Watson, and Amazon Lex. Additionally, I have experience in integrating chatbots with other systems, such as CRMs and APIs.

Recently, I was involved in developing a healthcare chatbot with Node.js and Dialogflow, integrated with Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system to provide personalized recommendations based on patient's medical history. Another project was a financial services chatbot built with Python and integrated with CRM system to provide real-time updates on customer account activity.

Looking forward to a call to discuss further.

Thanks

⭐⭐
Hello there! My name is Vivek Kumar and I am the CEO of True Value Infosoft (P) ltd., a leading IT services provider. I am confident that you are looking for someone to develop a business chatbot for you, and I believe I am the best fit for this project. With over five years of experience in software development, mobile app development, web design, web development, e-commerce development, web API development and more, we are well-positioned to provide the best solutions for your needs.

We understand that you need the responses to have a basic level of complexity so that the chatbot functions consistently and properly according to your needs. Our team will work closely with you to make any necessary adjustments so that the chatbot meets your expectations. Moreover, we offer monthly updates on our progress so you can be sure you are getting the best results possible.

If you are interested in our services please feel free to contact us today so we can discuss further how we can help take your business to the next level.