- Full-Stack Engineer / Angel.co

Dear Sir,

My name is Chris, a full-stack engineer with 7 + years experience in various programming languages, frameworks and platforms.
I have expertise in Solidity, Truffle/Hardhat, Web3.js, and React, and I'm highly dedicated to writing EVM-based solidity contracts for DeFi and NFT as well as Web3/React frontend for DApps.
Also, I am confident in several frameworks such as React, Next, Svelte, etc.
I can offer you my technical skills and experience.

These are my github and linkedin profile.
https://github.com/AppleJin512
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-jin-237676248/

I have attached my resume for your review and would welcome the chance to speak with you sometime.
Please let me know if you have any questions. You can reach me by phone  +1 423 408 2084 or by email christianjin512@gmail.

Best Regards.
Chris.



Looking forward to talking more about the project and would love to build something incredible together.
You can reach me by phone  +1 423 408 2084 or by email christianjin512@gmail.com


Feel free to DM or send me an email here: christianjin512@gmail.com or by phone 

- Web3 Engineer

I really enjoy coding smart contracts using Solidity, and jumped in development several
DApps and NFT marketplace with integrated Web3, So I have expertise in using web frameworks like React and Svelte along with web3 technologies like web3-onboard and svelte-web3 to solve many challenging problems.
I am well versed in migrating blockchain platform UI based on EVM to new web3 toolings such
as Moralis and web3modal.

- Reply for the email requests.

Dear Freeway Careers,

Thank you for your consideration.

First, Your job requirement is really good match with my basic skill sets, especially crypto and payment provider.

As appearance of blockchain, crypto coins 've been very familiar with people. I desire front-end engineering role that interacts with payment provider.

Bitcoin and ethereum were down more than 50% from their all-time highs in late 2022, but people's interest and demand in crypto remain high. 

Also, Beacon-chain (Ethereum 2.0) will be appeared soon, So It is not sure to predict the future of crypto correctly, however it will never fall down.

I am so interested in crypto projects and 've already got rich experience of crypto as well as dApps development.

As I mentioned on resume, I can offer you my technical skills and experience in various frameworks and platforms.

What we do today can improve all our tomorrows.

I enjoy implementing new logic and eager to learn new things and looking to collaborate on Innovative Projects.

Personally, I love jogging in the park and doing sports stuffs.

Looking forward to talking more about the project and would love to building something incredible together.

Best Regards!

Would you like to check my github and linkedin profile?
https://github.com/IntelMin
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-min-93a868207/
