
==========Digital Marketing
Are you looking for a skilled marketing professional to help you reach your target audiences and achieve results? I am Smith, and I am an experienced marketing professional with expertise in bulk marketing, email marketing, Google Adwords, and other marketing skills.

I can help you to develop and execute marketing strategies that effectively reach and engage professionals, CPA's, attorneys, commercial realtors, doctors, wealth managers, and commercial property owners. I am familiar with digital marketing tools and platforms, and I am capable of crafting compelling and tailored content, including articles, social media updates, and email campaigns, to resonate with your target audience's needs and interests. I am also capable of establishing and maintaining direct contact with commercial property owners and farmers to explore collaboration opportunities.

In addition, I am able to monitor campaign performance, track key metrics, use data-driven insights to optimize strategies for maximum impact, and collaborate with your team to align marketing efforts with overall business objectives and goals.

I would be happy to provide you with a free demonstration of the solution even before the project is awarded. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or require further information.

Thank you for your consideration.


============Digital Marketing
We have 10+ Years of digital marketing industry experience on PPC/SEO. We specialize in increasing your online credibility to get an online boost to your business. We always try to build long term business relationship with our clients instead of trying to sell them one time service. If you are looking for quality work, then please provide us an opportunity to explain you more about the work we will be doing for your website.


These SEO methods will be followed.

Please take a look at our on-page and off-page SEO work:-

Advanced Technical SEO for your website
Audit report for your website
Keyword suggestion
On-Page SEO SEO Report
Off-page SEO
Reporting

I'm a Google Adwords Certified and Expert in Google Ad-words campaigning and handling different niche websites.

Bidding Adjustment Daily Basis
Conversion Tracking Checking
Ad Preview Checking
New Ad Texts Preparing
Competitor Ads Analysis
Clicks Bounce Rate Monitoring
Negative Keywords Adding
Adding New Keywords from Search Term Report
Conversion Pages Checking
Recommendations for Landing Page Improvement
Preparing Monthly Reports

I will be waiting for your reply to discuss further.

Best Regards