Hi. Thanks for your posting. I have just read your proposal and I am sure I can complete the project on time. 
I am an expert in ML/DL, computer vision who has many years of experiences. Please contact me to discuss the project in more details. 
Waiting for your contact now... Thanks. Best Regards.

Hello. I hope you are doing well.
I have 10 years of experiences in ML & DL, Computer Vision & Image Processing.
I have handled Object detection/recognition, Image classification, OCR, ANPR/ALPR, Time-series forecasting, Pose estimation, Face emotion recognition using CNN/RCNN/RNN/LSTM/GNN/GAN/SVM/SVR/... and C/C++/Python/Matlab(Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras, tesseract, pandas, numpy and so on).
I can provide you with the perfect result on time.
Please contact me so that we can discuss the details of the project.
Thank you for your time.


 Dear client. Nice to meet you. 
 I'm a talented machine learning engineer with a strong background in image processing & computer vision. thanks to your project because it well fits to my skills-ML & computer vision. 
 I have done a lot of such project for many years and accumulated rich experiences in this area. Please send me a message. thanks


Hello, How are you? I have 6+ years experience in Machine Learning (ML), 
Image Processing and OpenCV . I can assist you with this project and deliver it as soon as possible. 
Please leave a message through chat so that we can discuss the details of the project.



Hello, My name is Grace, and I am your data analyst with 4 years of experience in the field of data science. 
I have a deep understanding of machine learning (CNN, DNN, FCRN), Python (pandas, numpy), database designing and management as well as SQL.
I understand that you are looking for an Image Processing Machine Learning Expert who can help you with a project that involves identifying and highlighting defects in Printing machine Images by comparing them to reference Images to detect specific patterns (crosshairs). The goal is to detect specific patterns (crosshairs) which are found at four corners of both in printing machine Images and reference Images.
I believe that my skillset make me the best fit for this project. 
Specifically my expertise in data science provides me with the necessary tools to tackle this project specifically relating to image processing and machine learning. 
My approach will be first detecting specific patterns (crosshair) which are found in every design and than doing alignment and cropping according to that before comparing the processed images to each other to highlight defects.


Hello there! I am a specialized FULL-STACK developer with over 8+ years of experience in website and mobile app development. 
From my portfolio, you can see that I have worked on multiple projects with different clients all over the world to deliver quality-driven bug-free websites and mobile applications.
I understand you are looking for an Image Processing Machine Learning Expert who can help you with a project that involves identifying and highlighting defects in Printing machine Images by comparing them with the reference images. The goal of this task is to detect specific patterns (crosshairs) which are found at four corners of both in printing machine Images and reference Images.
I believe I am the best fit for this project due to my extensive experience in image processing, specifically filtering out defects in Images. Specifically, I have worked on numerous projects where I have used machine learning algorithms to analyze images and extract specific patterns that are present in every design before aligning them with the reference image to highlight defects. Additionally, I offer 24/7 client support, regular communication throughout the project's development period as well as solved issues within 24 hours along with one month of free maintenance as well as dedicated teams for large projects...