Hi, How are you?
Very happy to bid for your project because my skills are fitted in your project.
I am 8 years of experience in Machine learning, deep learning, OCR, Image processing and computer vision.
I am very familiar with image classification by metric learning algorithms.
I can do your project perfectly.
If you send the message , we can discuss the project more.
Thanks.


as I read your requirements, I see you are looking for a Computer Vision Engineer who can build a Deep Learning model for Image Classification by DML.
I have already worked on similar project, Face Verification(comparison) using Siamese Network and Triplet Network, and Image Classification by Triplet Network.
Please feel free to contact me for the details.
Best Regard.
Denys


I understand you are looking for a skilled developer to assist with coding for a computer vision project in Python. Specifically, you need someone with the ability to work with a specific dataset provided by the client for training the model.
My name is Daniel and I have extensive experience in artificial intelligence engineering. With 10+ years of industry experience, I have developed award-winning machine learning solutions for a diverse clientele. My background includes developing a customer segmentation algorithm for 32% increase in company revenue as well as forecasting strategies for currency trades and quantitative analysis.
Given my skillset, I believe I am the perfect person for this project. I am proficient in Python programming language, have experience in computer vision and image recognition, along with an understanding of metric learning algorithms (DML). This combination makes me well-suited to help you code your vision system.
If you give me the chance to work on this project please feel free to contact me directly with any questions or queries you may have regarding my profile or the project at large. Thank you again for your consideration!



Hi ,
I'm sure that I can do this job. I'm artificial intelligence engineer experienced in Computer Vision, Digital Image Processing, Data Science & Machine/Deep Learning using Python programming.
Here you can find some of my clients reviews (https://www.freelancer.com/u/mohamedabdelall4 ).
Feel free to contact me for further details because I am looking forward working with you.
Thanks



Hi. Thanks for your posting. I have just read your proposal and I am sure I can complete the project on time. I am an expert in ML/DL, Computer Vision who has many years of experiences. Please contact me to discuss the project in more details. Waiting for your contact now... Thanks. Best Regards.


Hello there! My name is Kerem, and I am a Python developer with extensive experience in computer vision and image recognition. I've worked on a variety of projects, from frontend to framework to backend and version control tools.
I understand that you are looking for someone to assist with coding for a computer vision project in Python, and I believe I am the perfect person for the job. My skillset includes proficiency in Python programming language, experience in computer vision and image recognition, as well as ability to work with a specific dataset provided by the client for training the model. Additionally, I always strive to provide quality work at affordable prices with up-to-date technologies full time working and communication.
If you are interested in my services please don't hesitate to reach out with any further questions or queries you may have!


Hello,
I'm an experienced developer with a strong background in Python programming and computer vision. I'm excited about your project involving image classification using metric learning algorithms (DML). I'm confident that I can assist you effectively.
I have extensive experience in Python and have worked on numerous computer vision and image recognition projects. I'm well-equipped to handle the specific dataset you'll provide for training the model.
Portfolio:
https://kapoorsoftware.com/
Let's discuss your project in more detail and see how I can help you achieve your goals. Please feel free to reach out to me to discuss the project further.
Looking forward to the opportunity to work with you.
Best regards,
Shehroz Kapoor